# Lemurya
### Digital game development using Object Oriented Paradigm

**Abstract**  – The subject of Técnicas de Programação demands the development of a platform software, in the form of a game, for purposes of learning software engineering techniques, especially object-oriented programming in C++. To this end, in this work, the game “Lemurya” was chosen, in which the main player controls the character that represents the Reptilian King. The main objective of the Reptilian King is to destroy the Idealists king (mages who practice black magic). For that, he needs to go through several places of Lemurya, while fighting against enemies that are manipulated by the Idealists king. The game has three stages that differ in difficulty for the player, being that in the last phase the player meets the boss (the Idealists king). For the development of the game the textually proposed requirements were considered and elaborated modeling (analysis and project) using as resource the Class Diagram in Unified Modeling Language, based on a proposed previous diagram. Subsequently, in C++ programing language, it was performed a development that took into account the usual concepts of object orientation such as Class, Object and Relationship, as well as some advanced concepts like Abstract Class, Polymorphism, Templates, file object persistence, operator overloading, and Standard Template Library – STL. After implementation, the developers' own testing and use of the game demonstrated its functionality as per the requirements and elaborate modeling. Finally, it is emphasized that the development in question made it possible to achieve the intended learning objective.

### Developed by:
**Gabriel Henrique Linke and Pedro Sodré dos Santos**
